Learn By Use - Action Skills 7DTD XML mod.
JoeSloeMoe

Learn By Use Action Skills. Branched from Hybrid Learn By Use.

Recommend starting a new game.

Currently applies to the tools and weapons for the following Perks:
General: Lucky Looter
Perception: DeadEye, Demolition Expert, SpearMaster, Salvage
Strength: Boomstick, PummelPete, SkullCrusher, Miner69r/Motherload.
Fortitude: Brawler, MachineGunner
Agility: Archery, Gunslinger, DeepCuts, Hidden Strike
Intellect: Electrocutioner, Robotics, Physician, Bartering, Daring Adventure

Mod Functionality (configurable in buffs.xml):
- Receive a bonus skill point when you max out each Perk Skill (level 100) 
- New Skilled Labourer Perk under General Perks. Each Point invested in Skilled Labourer give 
  20% more Learn By Use progression xp. e.g The Default for Archery is each archery kill gives 
  48 progression xp. With 2 levels in Skilled Labourer, Archery progession xp is 67.2, 40% increase. 
- The more Experience using a tool or weapon you have the more you know how to maintain it.
  Every second level of a LBU Perk decreases associated tool/weapon degradation rate by 1% (total 50%).
  Doesnt apply to the Hidden Strike or Demolition perks.
- LBU Perks provide the same benefits as the default perks e.g. For Physician, splints will heal sprains at level 30.
  You will find more books and tool/weapon parts the higher you Learn By Use perk level.
- There are no magazines for the LBU Perks, each Perk increases the respective magazine count autmatically as you progress. So you will
  be able to craft better shottguns as you increase your Learn By Use shotgun skills etc.

Notes:
- Learn By Use removes over 100 points worth of upgrades. For balance, these points are used by increasing the cost of remaining Perks that are not Learn By Use.
  E.g. the level cost of Penetrator is increased from 1,1,1,1,1 to 1,2,2,2,2. The cost of Mastery Perks is not changed.
- You can craft Pipe Bombs and Wrenches from the start otherwise you would not be able to increase the Demolitions and Salvaging LBU perks. 
  You don't need a workbench to craft Pipebombs
- Because so many magazones have been removed from the game, the remaining magazines have been balanced to be less abundant. E.g. You will find less magazines available 
  at the Trader and in quest reward bundles, bookshelves etc.

Config variables:
There are many Global Config variables to control the Learn-By-Use functionality. E.g. you can configure the progression speed each Perk individualy to
suit you game style. See buffs.xml, look for the line: "!--PLAYER CONFIG VARIABLES..." for the variables and further information.

Multiplayer Notes:
 - Special thanks for Aramus for multiplayer testing.
 - Fully tested
 - Ranged Turrets do not work in multiplayer. Please see the comment line [START Multiplayer Turret Notes] in progression.xml to remove Turrets from Learn-By-Use if needed for multiplayer.

License:
The code is free to use license and commented as such. It is based on the Action Skill levelling algorithm from 
Khaine in the Darkness Falls mod. Please acknowledge Khaine's coal-face work if you reuse the code.

Version Info
1.0.2 
- Initial Release
